---
layout: page
subheadline: "BizTech article"
title: "Fog Computing Keeps Data Right Where The Internet Of Things Needs It"
teaser: "The growing pool of connected smart devices will be enabled through fog computing, not just the clou"
categories:
    - news    
comments: true
show_meta: false
---

> When the leading influencers within an industry have difficulty agreeing on the right label to slap on something, you know it’s a real phenomenon and not just another product push. Such is the case with the Internet of Things (IoT). Cisco Systems calls it the Internet of Everything. Data analytics firms Gartner and IDC use the terms Nexus of Forces and the Third Platform, respectively. And GE calls IoT the Industrial Internet. All of these terms refer to the same technology development, the growing digital connectivity of everything. This includes everything from inanimate personal objects (such as a fitness band or a car) to business systems (warehouse operations or mining equipment) to municipal resources (street lighting or water treatment operations). There are some big numbers attached to this trend. Cisco CEO John Chambers optimistically predicted a $19 trillion profit market for IoT, and Cisco projects there will be 50 billion smart objects connected to the Internet by 2020. Clearly, those are motivating reasons for companies to put their label on this coming IT tsunami. But what is the value of more streams of data being collected in a data-saturated world? What’s to be gained from this information overload? Where will all this data be stored? How will it be transferred and processed? Welcome to fog computing.


For more please follow the [link](http://www.biztechmagazine.com/article/2014/08/fog-computing-keeps-data-right-where-internet-things-needs-it)